Hello, everyone!
Welcome back to my channel, Jennifer Marie,
where I teach you different
ways to make money online
and how to become a work from home freelancer.
Excuse the noise in the background.
It just started thundering and pouring rain
as soon as I pressed record.
But we're going to go ahead and record this video.
So I have not been posting a
lot in the past six months,
maybe once a month or so.
And there's a reason for that,
because I have been experimenting.
I decided to pour all of my heart and
energy into a few different projects,
because I wanted to see if it was possible for me
to create and monetize more YouTube channels
without promoting them whatsoever
with my current audience.
So if you've been following me for a while,
you probably know I have two
monetized YouTube channels,
this one here, and my Sparkle English channel.
So I wanted to try to see if I
could break into other niches
and start channels completely from scratch,
including a kids channel, and see
if I could get them monetized,
how long it would take and
how much I could get paid.
So the truth is now it is easier
than ever to create a YouTube channel
and start pumping out content because of AI tools
and how easy it is to use video editors.
However, how much money can you make?
This is what I wanted to know and figure out.
Now, if you go on your phone and you go to YouTube
and type in "make money kids channels,"
you will see so many promises, people saying,
"make $10,000 a month with fairy tale AI videos,"
"$750 a day."
Oh, how I wish that were true.
I really wish that were true,
but it is not true for the majority of people.
You have to have hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of 1000s of views
to make that kind of money.
I'm going to get into showing
you a screenshot of my revenue
once I was able to monetize
my kids YouTube channel.
So in the past six to eight months,
not only did I create a kids channel,
I wanted to experiment in many different niches.
All of these are faceless channels.
I use my voice in two or three of them,
but the rest are faceless and without my voice,
or any voice.
So I have one kids channel,
I created one entertainment/games channel,
one gaming channel, a music channel,
an arts and crafts Channel,
and a different kind of educational channel.
I have been going a little crazy
creating a lot of videos on
these different channels.
I did not tell friends and family about them.
I didn't promote them anywhere.
I didn't share them across
my other YouTube channels.
I wanted to see how quickly I could grow these,
experimenting both with shorts
and also long form videos
to be able to give you guys some results.
So today I will be focusing on the kids channel,
but I was able to fully monetize the kids channel.
The arts and crafts channel,
I have over 20,000 watch hours,
but I still need about 800 subscribers.
It's only at around 200 subscribers.
And then the education channel is monetized.
It has passed the first round of monetization.
So to be fully monetized with YouTube,
you need 1000 subscribers and 4000 watch hours.
And then there's a step before fully monetized,
where you can accept Supers and Super Thanks
and stuff like that.
And that requires 500
subscribers and 3000 watch hours.
So my education channel has
far surpassed the watch hours,
but I still need 200 subscribers
to reach 1000 subscribers,
and then that channel will
also be fully monetized.
So essentially, in under six months,
I was able to start and
create two different channels
which are monetized,
one fully monetized,
and one which slowly but surely
is getting the subscriber count
and then will be fully monetized as well.
So let's go on to the kids
channel and talk about money.
So I have my computer monitor open
because I want to go over
some stats with you guys.
On average, kids channels make
less money than other niches,
and that's because of
the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act,
which limits personalized advertising
on content made for kids.
So the amount of money you'll make per 1000 views
on an adult channel or just
a non-kids channel can vary.
I mean, I can't tell you an exact amount,
but let's say, for example,
between $4 per 1000 views and $10.
That might be a general average.
Of course, some people make much more than that,
and some much less.
It can depend on your location,
your audience location,
and many other factors.
So if our example range of
an adult or non-kids channel
is $4 to $10 per 1000 views,
I asked ChatGPT what the average could be
for a children's channel before I got monetized
and found out what I would be earning.
So you can see here that
ChatGPT said the average CPM
typically ranges from 25 cents to $5.
Now that is CPM.
So what does CPM mean?
And what's the difference between CPM and RPM?
So the CPM is what advertisers pay
and the RPM is what you actually earn.
So the RPM is what you will get
after YouTube takes its cut.
So I'm gonna give you some stats on my channel.
Now I would love to show you the channel,
but because I'm doing research here,
I don't want a bunch of people
who are not kids watching my channel,
and that would mess up the results for me.
I really want this to be organic,
so you have to just trust me.
Okay, so basically, I started
this channel November 2024.
That's when I created the channel name,
and my first video I published in November.
So I published quite a few
videos that first few months,
up until Christmas,
and you can see that I don't have a lot of views
in the beginning.
Okay, so November, I was
just experimenting, December,
and then I created a video in December,
and that one got a whole bunch of views.
So that was exciting, because
it hadn't happened previously.
So I kept plugging along, posting more videos.
And then again, in March,
I had another one that got a bunch of views,
which was exciting.
And then after that,
it kind of created some traction here,
another one, you know, another one.
And what I was doing, essentially,
was the videos that were performing well,
I was creating similar videos.
Okay, so, you know,
if you do a video about Minecraft,
how to get a certain sword,
I don't know.
You know, do videos that are similar to that.
Okay?
So try to create similar videos to the ones
that are performing well,
because the algorithm is favoring that video.
So you want to do ones that are similar,
not identical, but similar.
So I just kept uploading more and more videos,
and the channel was growing really fast.
So March 23, I had 136
subscribers on the kids channel,
and 20 videos total.
And then I had just in one month later, April 23,
I had 1140 subscribers,
and I had 4000 watch hours,
4300 watch hours.
So I went in one month from 136
to over 1000 subscribers.
And the hours watched I had in March was 420
and bumped up to over 4000.
So I applied for monetization
near the end of April,
and then at the end of April, April 29,
I was fully monetized.
It takes YouTube a little bit to catch up
with the watch hours, so I
had to wait a little bit.
But yeah.
And one thing I noticed about the kids channel,
which has been a very unique experience for me,
comparing with the adult channels
or the non kids channels that I have is,
if I go to traffic source,
you can see that 82% of my traffic
is basically from YouTube suggesting my videos.
So that is something very new to me,
because usually the majority of my traffic
comes from YouTube search or external,
but with these kids channels,
they're suggesting or recommending them
after other popular kids videos.
So this is kind of like YouTube
is helping me out a little bit,
especially considering this
is a small new channel.
So this is really exciting,
like you can see the bulk amount of my views
is not from YouTube search,
and so this is just giving
some hope that smaller channels
can actually get recommended by YouTube
and pushed out with the algorithm.
So I would not have built this channel as quickly
and been able to monetize it as quickly
if it weren't for YouTube recommending my videos
to other to kids.
Okay, so the moment we've all been waiting for...
how much money can you make on a kids channel?
So after talking to ChatGPT,
I was really hoping that my average RPM
or the CPM would be on the higher scale.
They said between 25 cents up
to $5 and sometimes even more.
So I was crossing my fingers
that I was gonna be at that
$5 mark or higher even.
So let's say from May 1 to May 6, 2025,
I had 72,000 views.
I mean, if you have been a YouTuber,
you know it takes time, 72,000 views total,
917 watch hours,
I mean, look at all these stats.
These are great stats.
I was hoping to make some
good money here, something...
The amount of money I made:
$20.58.
The CPM, 93 cents,
and the RPM, 28 cents,
I tell you, I think I screamed when I saw that.
I couldn't believe it.
I was shocked.
It is so low.
I knew it was going to be low,
but, man, I really thought
it was going to be on the
higher end of that scale.
I was really hoping it would be,
the CPM would be closer to $5
because there's a big difference.
I mean, man, 20 bucks, unbelievable.
So when these YouTubers are telling you
you could make, you know, $500 a day
with the kids channel...
How many views do you need
to have to make that much money?
Let's ask ChatGPT.
Okay, so I've asked ChatGPT,
and my math isn't great.
So you can verify if you want.
ChatGPT is saying that in order to make $500,
I would need approximately 1.79 million views.
So these YouTubers telling you
you can make more than $500 a day...
I don't know a whole lot of YouTubers
who are getting over 1.78
million views per day on YouTube,
some maybe, but that is not the standard.
Okay, so what have I learned from this?
Well, I'm going to keep posting videos.
I'm gonna spend a little less
time on the kids channel,
but it's growing fast.
I mean, I just monetized it.
This has only been for the first week.
It grew really fast once it
started gaining traction,
and the fact that YouTube is showing it to kids
like it's pushing it out in the algorithm
with suggested videos instead of YouTube search,
this is good.
This means it will grow faster.
So this is just sort of a
reality check for everybody.
If you are starting a kids channel,
just know that it will be really low,
because that's a thing with YouTube.
Once you get monetized,
then you'll find out how much
money you're going to make.
There's no other way to know.
You can do research.
You can look on Reddit.
You can ask other people in their niche,
but you really don't know how much
advertisers are going to pay until,
you know you're monetized.
So there you go.
Once I have the education one monetized,
I can do a similar video, and you know,
that's a non-kids channel,
so I can see how much I'll be making from that.
But yeah, so this is a little disappointing,
but also, you know, I am hoping that
I will be able to grow it quickly.
But I wanted to give you guys a realistic picture
of what it looks like as a YouTuber.
Don't quit your day job is all I'm saying.
Of course, there are other ways
to monetize YouTube channels
with sponsorships or affiliate links
and so on and so forth,
but purely based on AdSense revenue,
it's quite low.
It's very difficult to live on $4 a day.
So this is something I'll
be doing in my spare time.
So I hope you guys enjoyed this video.
It's a bit more different
style than what I usually do.
If you are interested in
learning a little bit more
about how I was able to grow my channel,
what tools I used, and so on and so forth,
let me know in the comments section,
and I can do other videos similar to this
and giving you a few more tips and tricks
on growing your own YouTube channel.
Thanks again for watching.
Make sure to subscribe if you haven't already,
and I'll see you in my next tutorial.